Fix/auth settings global link (#10078)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/docs/guides/auth/auth-email.mdx

## Configure email settings

> 1. Go to the [Authentication Settings](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/auth) page in the Dashboard.
> 1. For **Site URL**, enter the final (hosted) URL of your app.
> 1. Under Auth Providers, **enable email provider**.

Reviewer: Looks like these settings are in different places in the Dashboard now.
```suggestion
1. For [Site URL](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/auth/url-configuration), enter the final (hosted) URL of your app.
1. For [Auth Providers](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/auth/providers), **enable email provider**.
```
